# South_Korea_COVID_19_AWS
KCDC (Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) has shared the COVID-19 report materials, from which we were able to find this structured dataset. The dataset will be used for our analysis & visualization. Several buildings have been closed due to the situation where a person who has been confirmed to be infected with the Coronavirus has visited a certain facility. People are also aware of the corona confirmer's route and avoid traveling to such places, this situation has affected several small-scale businesses. The number of  South Koreans infected with COVID-19 accounts for around 306,000. It has been identified that those in the 40-50s age group are the most affected ones. In collaboration with the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety, the KCDC launched the Emergency Use Authorization program to make diagnostic technology available in society for the diagnosis and treatment of serious infectious diseases. Drive-through screening centers have been developed and implemented in Korea to enable safe and efficient COVID-19 screening. Our dataset allows us to perform analysis on the age, gender, province and climatic condition-based infections on specific periods which has caused an increase or drop in the spread of the infection. We could determine the frequently looked up keyword at the specific period of time.

Over the past two years, accidentally, the life-style of humans has changed dramatically because of a disastrous  pandemic. Covid-19. It made everyone take care about their health irrespective of their age, wealth, race, breed, gender etc. In the past two years, this virus has shown an impact on everyone, directly or indirectly, in many ways. That’s why we chose this dataset for our project.
This dataset will be easy to understand to a normal person without any prior knowledge of any technical terms. In this current global situation, the project developed using this dataset will be connected to everyone personally. Then, our goal/outcomes of the project will have a wide reach to the people.
We don’t know to what extent this virus will exist in the civil life of humans, that’s why, apart from the medical research there should be some support from other fields like data analytics. This field will help to handle those situations in many ways. These factors made us select this project. 
